hello youtube friends today are going to
teach how to download the multi theft
auto san andreas and install it let's start
the first thing is to go to the link that I will leave
in the description of the video once
inside they will give it to down land
they will give you to save and on desktop
once saved on the desktop what
run
the next
allow
next next here will ask you where you want
that is the San Andreas mt
I will leave you like this
Here you will be asked for the folder where your
gta san andreas
if they do not put it if they do not put it where it is
the folder of the gta san andreas is not going
to serve the program
will give you to install and it will start
we will wait for it to be installed
I'll give you pause the video so you do not
delay a lot of good friends
since it has been installed
they take this one from here and finish once
that has been installed will appear a
similar icon but with different name
now they will give him to execute
and we wait again
once inside if they are new les
will appear here
what do they want their nickname to be?
name for the game
after this to connect some
server nothing else you give to serve browse
and internet
and here anything you can think of
for example if I get several with that
first name
one that I recommend a lot and that
we are here is to fall 27
24 forgiveness 24/7 freedom
I think it's said that good and how they see
all the time is open
he does not let me in because there are too many
good and this is all for today
slightly up if you liked the video
to days